Your Majesty, what happened before is gone.
It is said that in the tea ceremony under the book, Princess Neiwan did appear near the place where the prince was injured.
What? But the book is not sure yet,
The one who becomes the prince in the evening is the princess.
Do you know what is special?
I don’t know Dali either, so when can the matter be found out?
Our medicine is obviously fine, right?
Want more good-looking fruit?
As long as there is nothing wrong with our medicine, there is nothing to be afraid of.
This is quite a period of time, let’s readjust it.
Formula, I don’t know why people are so incompetent about our Yiguo?
Who else could it be?
It must be that silver-tipped intestine.
Another thing is that we don’t have such evidence and
Su Qing and this idiot
I really don't know if I like that song "Princess of the East and West"
Don't talk nonsense
I heard you scolding me early in the morning
It's really exciting
I was listening to Brother Qiang early in the morning
What should I buy today?
This king is here to take a look
I said before that I would give you the antidote.
How are you doing?
Don't worry, Your Majesty
In order to be reasonable with you
the medicine i took
How are we already doing?
Yu'er, bring it here
What kind of want is this?
This is just for your fun
You have many years
You have to deal with this kind of thing
Only then can the toxins be slowly forced out
Why does this smell so bad?
Don't worry, you don't know how to sniff?
Lian Youpukou drinks it, right?
You don't dare to go through it, do you?
What does this king dare not to do?